everybody welcome Eckener the lamp is
binding of issac afterbirth plus we're
done challenges it became like a kind of
nervous tic or the habit nervous stick
is not the right word or pair of words
there describe that to go down the into
the challenges page but we don't need to
do that what we do need to do is
anything at all is Lilith and I'm
stalling for time let's do it
you know we're gonna have to beat things
with Lilith eventually to DQM x QV M
that's what I always say it's Latin it
means do one to Lilith as you would do
unto yourself but without being gross
you weirdos ya Latin is a very dense
language I'm not anti Lilith and I
talked about this on the last episode
where we like steamrolled greed mode as
Cain but I'm not anti Lilith what I am
anti is the seeds that we've had as
Lilith like forever but also
predominantly like on the new save so
sure we've had some amazing runs as
Lilith I just think Lilith is maybe one
of the only characters in the game that
requires an enabler and I don't know
what that enabler is and I think that's
where I find myself kind of you know
lost in no-man's land here but we're
gonna make it work
regardless you've already done boss
rushes Lilith so we I think if I
remember correctly we had a good run but
we we basically chose to do boss rush
boss rush kind of caused me to take a
bunch of damage and then we ended up
getting nothing out of it in the end so
we made our choice there did the choice
work yeah it's a more or less it did
knocking out a difficult achievement as
Lilith is something to be proud of to
some extent I'm actually more eager
though to get back to doing these kind
of runs not just Lilith runs but like
the standard runs because not only is it
like a free aura it's more free than
doing the challenges but we have all the
runes from the challenges now we have
all the all the good stuff all the bad
stuff and all the stuff that nobody's
really sure about whether or not it's
good or bad like kidney stone for
example which you know I've said my
piece on but I'm sure
over the course of the next however many
hundred videos we do have Isaac will get
to say a lot more please don't be in
this item room right off the bat okay
I'm alright with this tough love is just
okay but it can become and in fact I am
NOT gonna hedge my bets with this item
too much cuz I go like oh you know it's
just okay but if things go really really
right it could be amazing but it's not
great by itself it's pretty good by
itself hopefully we can get the luck to
enable it if we can we can if we can't
we can but right now I'm just getting
used to the fact that as lilith the
first floor takes 25 minutes to complete
by the time we finished the third floor
i will be middle-aged what the windiest
thing middle age starts by the way I
asked asking for a friend because as a
child I thought when you were like 25
that was middle age and then I was like
okay that's ridiculous
it went out 25 but like thirty now I'm
like is 40 even middle-aged I don't know
about you I know that here's the thing
everyone goes like well if you look at
the average lifespan in like Canada the
United States you know average man lives
to like 72 when the average woman lives
like 81 or something like that yeah but
you got to imagine those are the
averages for everybody so most of the
people dying at the age like you know 72
right now were born 72 years ago I would
say all the people dying 72 years old
now are dying or were born 72 years ago
we're born in I was born in the late
1980s I have a high hopes then that our
generation you know maybe people my age
we could be the first young male
generation to make it to 80 on average I
mean because obviously there have been
80 year old men maybe we could be the
first male generation to make it to 85
that would be amazing progress so I'm
calling it 42.5 I think what your
definition of middle-age depends on how
optimistic you are about the future of
the human race now I'm gonna be real
cheesed if it turns out that middle age
is actually like 15 because dude I'm on
thin ice then
you guys are like I've still got 15
years left nah son college doesn't even
count cuz those years are lost to the
ether and then you know you spend one
year traveling and before you know it oh
yeah thirty making YouTube videos of the
same game oh no I'm fulfilled by my job
mostly because despite the fact that it
seems Jim Carrey esque and inherently
meaningless if you didn't see Jim
Carrey's semi recent interview on the
red carpet I would encourage you to do
so I have seen people know I have seen
people they're retweeting that interview
and going Jim Carrey's got it all
figured out I'm a big Jim Carrey fan I
love man on the moon Eternal Sunshine of
the Spotless Mind The Truman Show a lot
of his comedy work as well we're gonna
grab this for the five bombs and then
we're gonna blow this up that dude does
not know what he's talking about he's
like this is all in it he just he smoked
a lot of weed before you down the red
carpet it doesn't mean he's got to
figure it out it just means he's he's in
a weird mental state
oh how who are you to talk down to Jim
Carrey I'm not talking down to the
ladies there doing her job and Jim
Carrey is like what are you doing this
is meaningless you know we're all just
adrift in a sea of stars that's not deep
that's just nonsensical I'm not saying
you know don't dare to dream I'm just
saying Jim Carrey doesn't know what he's
saying in that moment okay it's his
right to you know imbibe whatever he
chooses before he goes to an event that
he's obviously not that big of a fan I
don't think he's being a jerk
necessarily I'm just surprised by the
number of people who are like I aspire
to be as tuned in as Jim Carrey is one
day dude you could do it in many states
it's already like on the table for you
there anyway long story short it's
fulfilling because of the kind messages
I get of course where people go you know
you know I really enjoy your videos
they're thought-provoking rarely
comforting that's the best I can aspire
to and you know what I think that's okay
I really wanted a spirit heart to be
there so you can tell this Lilith run is
getting a little shaky as is but we have
kind of an ace in the hole it's Midas
touch this whole run is like potential
now it's Jake for tannin we don't know
how it's gonna turn out yet maybe
shouldn't have taken the HP doesn't
matter because we got the garbage deal
with the devil spirits
wow that is trash
well we might have some angel setups I
think our our hope on this run basically
lives and dies with our item rooms and
to a lesser extent I suppose our boss
rooms as well but we can no longer rely
on deals once you get that first
guaranteed deal squandered like that
what can you do right
first off right walk on the creep that's
what I was just gonna say is without
spirit arts we can't guarantee ourselves
any kind of survival of our chances of a
deal with the devil if we make a mistake
of any sort including that one right
there so kind of screwed there so
without being able to rely on that you
got to remember that even if we do get a
deal with the devil it could be a bad
deal like we just had or it could be a
deal with the angel it could be a great
deal it could be a bad deal we got all
sorts of things to worry about here for
now clearly we should mostly just be
concerned about our own survival
that's good Empress is also good I don't
like this I don't like this setup we got
for ourselves here yep
took us out that's fine restart the
Lilith runs you you can't wear me down I
am gonna check out our curse room for
better for worse and I'm gonna say that
that's for better because we need the
defensive vitamin Lilith is in a weird
spot due this is not an easy character a
hint just like I don't want to be the
guy calling for a bus because I'm always
like the game's too easy and really I
feel like my losses with Lilith are like
half game-based half luck-based and half
psychological maybe 50% based on the
fact that I can't do basic arithmetic as
well but you gotta give Lilith something
what's the bonuses Lilith you start with
an item that makes her not that bad once
every four rooms that's not good enough
not good enough to keep her it if you
want her to be a hard character that's
fine but it's not good enough to keep
her you know aunt pace with the other
characters in the game it depends on
what you're looking for as a as a
designer or a developer
not that angry at best bud contributes
to Beelzebub we're probably going to get
hit on occasion so this helps but we're
kind of in the same boat as we were with
tough love we would like to get as lucky
as possible not esoterically but like
the literal luck step the literal luck
stat the literal if we can get the luck
stat even like one maybe I'll say two
just to get a little ambitious but we
can get a luck stat over zero and start
getting spirit hearts for getting hit
there's something to be said about this
run I do see the the tinted rock in
there I'm always sad to lose money or
nominee goes power of a - touched by the
way - that like straight-up naughty the
no low key no high key just regularly
one of my favorite items in the game
sure it requires some enabling but when
it pops it pops - so I'm very
disappointed to see that one go but I
love to watch it leave now if I could
just get you to stand still for like um
mark a second that's a microsecond but -
markiplier he experiences time just
slightly differently than the rest of us
we're gonna head down here if you could
stand still were just a mark a sec I'm
gonna kill you no time flat
we shouldn't check that yet but if you
this is a trap by the way we don't want
to use a box of friends here cuz this
enemy is easy enough box of friends is
just gonna make this guaranteed kill
take half as much time so you're better
off to do things that way as annoyed as
I am that we can't seem to pop off early
as Lilith this is a tough one as well we
have to play right we can't just be like
oh the run is hard and old patrol engine
screwing us so those guys don't block
shots that's just the how that works or
more power - yeah I suppose which me
we can't just go to the curse room
willy-nilly and we are gonna take damage
there so we're gonna ruin our deal of
the devil chance but dog throw it away
and also don't go chasing waterfalls
stick to the rivers and the lakes that
you're used to
we got another familiar and that's an
okay pick up as as lilith now we do have
the ability and it's a little bit shaky
in here but we do have the ability to go
into this room and just don't get hit
for God's sake there's a spirit hard it
made it worthwhile we'll go pick up
young Hart and by the way lord knows I'm
tempted to get rid of box of friends
it's like slightly better than bad which
is why I keep it around here but if we
can get scoop the whoop I'm all over it
I think I'm past the point where I'm
like we got a as a poly on you keep the
void cuz you're like I want to keep the
original flavor of the character on this
one I'm like we got to win so sorry
it's the built in same factor we got to
get over nice job okay so our luck stats
still not good but we have a trinket
that I'm quite fond of the more bombs we
can get the merry or no question should
we use a bomb to get two bombs if you
answered no first off your player after
my own heart secondly you are wrong but
you probably know it so you know what
keep doing you I respect that kind of
like brazen confidence so we squandered
yeah we'd like royal II squander that
but let's give this one a try we got to
remember we're on challenges now we
actually can do a donation machine
plague we could blow up our donation
machine we also apparently get best bud
activated when we use a box of friends
it's not like 10 out of 10 but it's a
pretty useful little value added and
considered before deal with the devil
does not exist and does not deserve to
exist toothpicks is great though so I
think we should go through the rest of
this floor look for a secret room a
secret room in particular is really nice
for us if it contains some money these
are two of the
Hill which means especially with the
tinted rock we should go for it because
if they're bad we'll only take one if
they're good we'll take to the other
ones not worth going for it's bad gas
still I think it was worth a try it's
probably our secret room right here well
the 50-50 and we got the wrong 50 in
that one this humbling bundle you got to
go with it if you have to blow up a
donation machine to get humbling bundle
that's like a 10 a 10
easiest decision I'll make today that's
not true the easiest decision I'll make
today's what they have for breakfast all
we had is cereal so I said to myself we
might have cereal or nothing as his
cereal you might say nothing but I for
me breakfast the most important meal of
the day
I always said you know people don't like
people have stopped coming to me for
advice first off it's never good I guess
if you're looking for advice if the
first thing someone says to you is like
I don't know what I'm talking about
but i just find it honest though like
that that's an honest bit of advice
people like what do you what would you
do in this situation and I'm like well
first off I'm kind of an idiot but
here's what I would do this no no don't
tell me like that tell me like you're an
authority figure it's all about the
therapy to the to the person who wants
the advice for whatever reason I don't
get that but secondly I always say
things that they don't want to hear like
whenever someone's like oh I'm feeling
kind of bad today I'm like does you
breakfast like yeah I'm like deal with
GD lunch like yeah would you have oh I
had the you know a bag of chips with the
sandwich there's your problem
try having a piece of fruit instead see
how that sorts yeah well that's not
really germane to the problem right now
an elbow just so Kaylee I mean you might
be right but tell me tomorrow mix it up
tomorrow and tell me of the same things
happening I might be a bad friend I
don't know I think I'm a bad friend to
talk to if you have real problems
cuz I'm just I I'm like yeah many of you
are probably not that comfortable
talking to children
I understand but before I taught I was
kind of in the same boat where I'm like
you always try to reason with children
as if they're adults because you feel
weird putting on a baby voice like it
demeans them somehow and then you get
over and eventually you just go alright
you're not an adult so I can go like hey
what you got there slugger
a baseball card a baseball card Wow
you know if you did that to an adult you
get punched in the face you spend like
our entire adolescence learning not to
talk to people like that but anyway
that's how I feel talking to adults who
are under emotional distress when
they're like I had a really bad day I'm
like what's what's the problem there
slugger
oh they foreclosed on your house huh
well that's too bad you know I'd said
it's it's a problem I should work to fix
I'm not like emotionless but just get
uncomfortable around other people's
emotions is the thing so we've
squandered our deal with the devil yet
again I blame myself and by myself I
mean I'm gonna say that I blame myself
but internally I'm blaming the game
because I would how many of you are
there here too many is the answer I
would really like to hit an item room or
a shop or find a single Tintin Rock on
this floor because you know how am I
supposed to be expected to protect
myself you can't even hit the enemies
because of the fact that you know we're
Lilith in the first place and then you
know I digress okay let's just move
along
we will fight the boss the only reason
not to fight the boss is if we think
we're gonna die or I guess okay we will
not fight the boss oh it might be for
the best to fight the boss should use
more bombs in combat - not a secret room
alright let's we can take this boss as
long as he doesn't accidentally hit us
with our own bomb I like our odds here
and we should really like bomb up okay
we got lucky damage is getting pretty
good but still like survivability is an
issue we do have gimpy but the bud is
pretty obvious that we're not really
crushing it from a lock standpoint we
can afford to use bombs quite frequently
because we have a lot of them and if we
can use the bomb to to damage an enemy
that was it an extremely lucky dodge you
can use a bomb to damage an enemy and
also give us a chance at like getting a
penny well that's pretty lucky then we
we usually will get our bomb back or at
least we'll have a decent chance - so
like something like this I'll use two
bombs to get to sense I think it could
be worth it I mean with hub like bundle
if it gives us a bomb it will give us
two bombs and now that I think about it
so oh they did just got both bombs
anyway oh well it could give you a troll
bomb that's the outcome nobody
considered we're in this weird position
where look if you look at the items on
the right side of the screen you'd be
saying this is an amazing run and then I
say it's Lilith and you go okay say no
more it's a little jacked just because
it's hard to hit the enemies in the
first place so I think we blow this up
we obviously got to donate a lot to it
as well but we got to strike a balance
so we'll take the extra spear at heart
the entire reason for that is just
trying to keep our deal with the devil
chances live you know one brimstone
could set the world on fire here so
there goes the one spirit art we
purchased
we can use some speed or something like
the runs just missing a certain you're
in the st. claw
yeah good player Manning the keyboard
power pill none of that was really worth
it Oh or was it speed up that's still
damage okay fine let's go I'll give you
a let's go for that is that I happy
let's go it's not the most excited let's
go I've ever had but it's a it's a let's
go not a secret room secret room might
as well look dude it's free bombs if we
get it maybe if there's money inside
well there's literally free bombs inside
it's like a the game told a well-crafted
joke subverted my expectations paralysis
pill magic mushroom please I'm bagging
yeah well you know the runs not that
good cuz despite all the great items we
got we're behind schedule and it's not
like we've been doing particularly you
know incredible stuff so we head down
there is an out for us here there's an
amazing play on the next floor and it
revolves around getting an arcade just
give me that arcade and possibly
remember D to use box of friends more
frequently it's a range up okay with
that puzzle room if I get hit on this
one it's a hundred percent me battery
charge okay there's a lot of items I
would give up box of friends for at the
present moment
Wow that was extremely close I'm gonna
use it here but I would give up box of
friends for Book of Revelations Satanic
Bible the nail anything that gives us HP
basically okay thank you can we get a
little action here oh lucky yes and then
like extremely unlucky us mere moments
later just escape what do I want to see
from a deal with the devil weirdly
enough I always want offence but I don't
really want offence right now I don't
want it the most if they're gonna give
us like brimstone or moms knife sign me
up but I would love to get like dark
bomb we're gonna get a lot of red hearts
thanks to gimpy dark bomb could allow us
to make that like biggest use of them if
we're talking item rooms pyromaniac is
like a really really good a bit of fun
for us here makes it tough for us to die
despite having very little HP this is
bad but offense isn't really our problem
everything else is and also it is a
little bit still like offense isn't our
biggest problem but it's probably not
like MVP territory here and a lot of
it's been my own fault admittedly but
games kind of gotta meet us halfway here
I guess giving us a bunch of really
really decent items is not meeting us
halfway in my world cuz I'm entitled
well I am a millennial after all why
won't the Millennials stop complaining
that the houses in their neighborhood
are 1.1 million dollars okay
Haga lies here a font is 10 out of 10
Haga lies I'm gonna look for some magic
machines we didn't get any yeah we left
in the middle of that explosive diarrhea
going off cuz you know honestly I'll
stay for the fart but I'm not around to
handle the the mess that comes later I'm
a millennial after all okay now
good job good job item room be kind
that's kind offensive item honestly like
not all damage upgrades are created
equal and this one is one of the better
ones but it's also after we've gotten a
bunch of pretty good ones so I'm not
looking to give towards the mouth I'm
always happy to have extra damage but
you know I think it means a little bit
less to go from like 5 to 7 damage than
it does to go from three and a half to
five in the first place thank you gimpy
she's not saying as bad it could have
been a lot worse
for example it could have been magic
fingers again for the 20th time no
tinted rocks
it had to be a curse the lost on on the
run where I needed to find an arcade to
write just remember you know I'm trying
to read make my Isaac habits here one
thing we should do is play slower like
we have no reason to play quickly on
this run almost you got somewhere to be
because we've already done boss rush
hush would be fine I can't remember if
we've done it or not more damage and we
will take it it's very risky but I think
gimpy mitigates the risk somewhat that
being said now we can't take advantage
of an arcade as much so I'm gonna head
down to the next floor we're at the tear
cap I think I don't think we've gotten
anything that's busted that open for us
yet I think you stick with burne penny
here and we're just gonna rely on like
sheer killing power I guess that's the
that's what this runs gonna come down to
and honestly the stats are built for it
right now eight point five damage on the
depths one really good rate of fire cap
literally can't get better until we pick
up some enablers spacebar item leaves a
little bit to be desired but every now
and then a good little bit lonely as
and trinket I still think there's a
game-changing moment left in this burnt
penny but I don't know if I'll be alive
to see it here power pill dude
power pill is like exactly decent I'm
mad at myself but I should have known
that that could have happened throw a
bomb in here we don't really need keys
we don't have Guppies tails so the keys
are fairly unlikely to ever require the
amount that we have right now although I
might be lucky if they do who knows what
that could mean for us this is the worst
like enemies who suffer knock back and
also drift like their unhittable
it's like infest the Furious three Tokyo
Drift when little bow-wow says if you
can get up to 120 kilometres an hour
it's like you get up to 80 the police
won't even try to catch you man and I
was like yeah it sounds legit that's
like if you commit too many murders the
police are like he's too dangerous to
try to lock up this seems like one of
those things that I'm ignorant in and
maybe that there actually is like a
precedent for like yeah they don't chase
you cuz it's too dangerous to the other
pedestrians but at the same time when
little bow-wow says it in the 3rd Fast
and the Furious movie you go oh god I
see some sources on that one so we've
been taking some damage we did get an HP
upgrade pill which is really nice
predominantly survivability but maybe
fuel for a deal with the devil but we
got to be very cautious with the deals
with the devil we take at this point
because as we learn from so many of
these challenges like we can pretty
easily screw ourselves by just having a
little bit too much hubris
the shop is actually where we want to be
so I'm happy with this
don't give me greed unless you're gonna
give me like Steam sale and then restock
on the next floor compass is fine no
dude we're going jar of flies and
compass but we're going Jarrah flies
over nice-ish over box of friends
because it's actually more useful we
should probably reroll box of friends
cuz it's free and then ended up being
garbage because it give us some mister
whatever his name is in this game it's
not mr. music so because they get sued
maybe I don't know Adult Swim seems like
one of those companies that at first
glance it doesn't seem like they'd
litigate but you would be just that much
more betrayed if they did right you'd be
like I thought you were cool you made
Aqua Teen Hunger Force what it's like to
be like a lawyer at Adult Swim or at the
firm that Adult Swim retains well the
talent Eric Andre smashed a plate on his
head in front of our client
Lauren Conrad and blah blah blah blah
and probably just like okay oh good
so Jarrah flies is actually worthless
Jarrah Flies gives us one fly because
it's Incubus getting the kills not me or
maybe it was just broken for a second
there cuz now it appears to be working
who knows so we're on depths one still I
don't know two keys for a tea bombs who
cares
please be Luck upgrades Deus health up
these health ops are out of control
give me some HP back
I do want blood bag I really want IV bag
as well so we can't obviously get both
but blood bag speed and HP obviously IV
bag
gimpy plays activating a swarm protector
as well come on just a single like gimpy
payout would be worth my while here as
well that was so dumb I just stood in
the eye of the storm
let it happen okay we got plenty of balm
so just use them get out use them break
the wrist walk away break the wrist walk
away I don't know why it's been such a
challenge to get a winning Eden run
sorry yeah winning Lilith run partly bad
play admittedly but blood bank we got it
and I'm content I mean we went from 0 HP
to 4 HP on one floor so somebody up
there likes me
it'd be hard for argue for us to argue
the the opposite in this case we're
doing great work even without box of
friends remembered we're gonna miss box
and friends were not using it but it was
also like only available once every four
rooms so don't let that trick you speed
upgrade is a speed upgrade I think at
this point you probably know how to
judge those for yourself situational but
kind of still in a little bit of a
holding pattern but the four HP from one
floor
they weren't gifts I mean we worked for
one of them was the item room so there's
an opportunity cost of one of them we
worked on that blood bank really thought
we had the speed to make it out there
but the fact that they existed was like
a huge plus regardless he's got a good
deal with the devil chance here don't
squander it so many things could just
make your dreams come true
I still don't I so jar applies is
garbage it just does not work luckily we
got one more shop if it has greed a
little cheesed off how Incubus are you
working for you're like a double agent
splinter cell or otherwise oh my god
okay I can't be too cheesed lest I get a
reputation for being a little cheesy
but where's my blood bank it's kind of
like a pivotal part of my plan it's okay
item room and shop whenever the item
room is shopper together you know
there's gonna be trouble
I don't know sorry I'm I'm working you
might be wondering why I got quiet there
in my head right now I'm just saying
like when they get together you know
there's gonna be trouble I was like
there's got to be like a movie tagline
in there you've got to take conehead HP
well spear and hard plus it gives you a
damaged negation you gotta go chaos to
it clubs ancient recall is a bunch of
cards to a diamonds moon card judgment
that's a luck upgrade right no it's well
we're not doing anything else with their
money so in my head I was like there's
got to be like I'm a movie name that
could use that when they get together
you know there's gonna be trouble so in
my head I was like their neighbors and
the movie could be called like adjacent
but then I was like what if you made it
one of the Friday the 13th movies that's
right adjacent Voorhees but it took me a
long time to put those pieces together
in my head I don't care what you give me
just give me anything for like the
trouble of being here sure that's
actually completely okay I just don't
care about a devil card so there's a
couple of things I'm running in the old
noggin right here one of them is bombs
might and clearly do activate Jarah
flies so we want to use those
even if we just use them to store up
flies for the boss fight' trust me when
I say I'm not happy with that but I
don't understand why an incubus kill
doesn't count as getting the kill anyway
because you're not getting the kill
well I'm also not getting the kill when
I drop a bomb on an enemy it's your bomb
well it's my Incubus no the Incubus he
has his own sense of agency okay
whatever you say incredibly convoluted
straw man argument I made up in my own
head you're not even real okay that's
why a straw man's logical fallacy is
because I exist and it doesn't so suck
on that I made myself mad with my own
counter-argument good work go for the
easy mode take it die man why not at
this point I guess we got Leviathan
which is huge I was looking for
Beelzebub
we got a Leviathan so now we can fly our
damage is really good and dude Loki
compass is the greatest of all of our
pickups here the less rooms we do the
better
Loki probably best played by Thomas
Hiddleston in my in my assessment at
least Thor
Chris Hemsworth at his jokes goin
nowhere much like Thor the dark world at
the box office right I oh that movie
came out like seven years ago uh we
actually got teleported by a curse of
the maze we gonna go cursed room would
you go curse room
cuz I'm probably gonna go curse room
originally the answer is gonna be no cuz
it's more sane to avoid it but we can
fly so we're only gonna get hit once
as long as like viaje by enemies on the
roof
it's like the weirdest run because if it
was any other character we would have
gotten carried this run is like you know
I mean nine damage five rate of fire
that's all you need to know along with
really good HP so it should be winnable
for anybody but Lilith is the only wild
card we gotta situate gotta pee this
room there's no question even if only to
like replenish your your bomb supply
[Music]
wouldn't mind getting like I mean
Guppies head would be better than JA
replies no such luck
no troll bombs please thank you and this
guy stands no chance definitely we are
not going to the hush fight like I might
actually be content to try but we're
just not gonna make it in time I think
tinted rock - small rock could be so
good we got the speed necessary to
absorb the loss but oh okay that's why I
love curse of the maze you get attached
to the idea of moving somewhere and then
no surprise you go with nowhere wait let
me try it again
hey freak show you going nowhere I got
you for three minutes three minutes late
time which my college roommate maintains
to this day we had like a actual
argument he maintains to this day it's
three minutes of me time and I will
never forget that we watched it he said
you can watch Macho Man Randy Savage his
mouth he says pole' he makes a plosive
he goes on IMDB to check and the IMDB
quote submitted probably by him like two
hours earlier said three three minutes
of me time and the see use that as like
the the feather in his cap for the whole
argument despite reality
never meet your heroes kids he's a
pretty cool guy all right let's continue
working towards Beelzebub for no reason
oh we got Lord of the Flies which is
Beelzebub unlock something in the game
so it turns out it wasn't for no reason
it was just for not a great reason we
got something unlocked in the game still
kinda at this point like let's shy away
from our curse rooms I think we might
need this might be the only HP we get so
might as well lean on it as much as we
can cherub flies is only even like a
little competent that was such a bad
dodge it's only even a little competent
here because of the fact that we have
homing but bombs and also like
eighty-three of them so you might be
unhappy with this one I'm not intending
to fight hush we will almost certainly
get the chance which is a big surprise
to me but I'm not it's it's not on my
to-do list definitely won't be
backtracking health up is so good range
up is just fine but still thanks for
asking
what were you doing there homing shot I
got a no I got to see the targeting code
ah just find something and kind of go in
a circle around it land of confusion
yeah I'm definitely not gonna be
fighting hush go ahead baby has appeared
in the basement that is a that is a
co-op baby sprite that maybe gives the
main player the go-ahead I don't know i
I've played a ton of co-op I'm might be
in the running for having played the
most Isaac co-op on earth by a you know
Kate's YouTube videos shows streams anti
birth rebirth after birth after birth
plus etc etc I still have almost no idea
what the baby mechanics are like there
are probably people out there who have
me beat in hours but I got it
I imagine the like 80% of people who own
Isaac have never booted up co-op so it's
like being a doubles tennis player you
know just by virtue of having played
quite a lot of singles I don't know
where I'm going with that metaphor but
Daniel Nestor right
okay we don't want to open that I'm
actually like again scared for my life
on this one and I think I should be good
card not a good card at this point I
think I should be for HP is that you
know just enough it's the most dangerous
lead and Isaac that's what they always
say
and as the John Madden of Isaac I think
I'm content to say it let's go down here
can't bomb our way through the big room
that makes me very sad two extra spirit
hearts is gonna go a long way towards
making things work here though Lord of
the Flies is also allowing us to
occasionally generate flies I respect it
it's not quite the same you know it
doesn't make up for jar of flies not
working basically at all but it's a
start it's a little bit of a Mia culpa
sorry I've never seen home alone
it's me a couple of the the lead child
Hector thank God for homing bombs cuz
the Incubus is knocking these ones like
way out of left field or in the left
field I don't know literally didn't have
righties that pole
it's alright we lost her spirit arts but
you can never take away our freedom also
you can't take away the fact that it's
look at 61 but bombs here I can't
believe that we got gimpy and zero luck
you see how many pennies we picked up
over the course of this run luck ups
just don't exist no luck up hills no
magic scabs shouldn't have stood there
we should not pick up the spirit heart
actually we should let it go in fact you
might think I'm crazy here but we
actually can afford to take no we can't
I was gonna say we could afford to take
a hit I'm gonna do it anyway
I was trying to get gimpy to pay out no
we'll do that there will come a time
where we will luck into a Judas sorry a
Lilith run that's just great and then
we'll do that but rune bag appearing in
the basement is actually a really great
item HP HP stop watching the card not
that good card is the moon HP is nice
don't get me wrong
I'm happy to be I'm not happy for that
but I'm happy to be a a little closer
maybe to where the boss fight is gonna
take place I'm still scared we did not
get carried at least not as much as I
would have liked to it did I did I put
enough conjunctions in there at least
not as much as I would have liked to
have liked to have there we go that's
that it sounded right but I couldn't
shake the lingering suspicion something
with that sentence or same dress
okay it's a long road and we also don't
expect to get many / any items due to
our again kind of anemic luck step we're
gonna try though and hey man the
occasional broken stopwatch working out
in our favor is fine by me sure some
rooms are probably gonna be larger as a
result as are you faster as a result got
the wrong Daft Punk lyric there
but this room being a little easier is a
okay by me still got 36 bombs one for
every chamber in the wu-tang clan and HP
we've might want eventually for now this
is like I don't know if I've ever seen a
run with stats like this be this
underwhelming it's like yeah we got
great everything and it sucks but we
we've already unlocked some parts of the
post-it note as Lilith shouldn't have
picked that up yet a little bit of a
sloppy plate
we've already unlocked some parts of the
poster notice Lilith and I think we're
gonna get the big one here as well it's
like absolutely useless but I'm a
logical manner at some point I have to
think that if we're getting Bad Seeds
over and over there's there's a point at
which I could believe that we're just
getting it by bad berries and then
there's a point at which I'm like okay I
got a look internally and see what I'm
doing around here I'm not even gonna oh
I thought that was like a double blue
baby fight there for a second but I'm
not even gonna go back and pick up the
HP yet cuz if we get hit here and we did
I would like to not lose spirit arts cuz
they're harder to replenish and there's
plenty of red hearts back there so
better to give ourselves the maximum
chance to get good stuff from gimpy
without losing the good stuff we already
hold sick and now I'm not gonna go back
at all and my master plan is revealed
but our HP ended up being fine there so
we should not be able to lose here Lord
of the Flies is actually working out
okay we're generating some flies for
ourself we've also taken way more hits
and I'd like to admit here let's put a
cork in that like ASAP
how sad that I'm looking at this running
going if only we had box of friends we
gave it up for jar of flies which sucked
and he gave that up for deck of cards
which might have actually sucked worse
at least we got some flies out of jar of
flies deck of cards gave us resources we
can't even use all it did teleport us as
well so maybe there's a case but all
right we made it no sir no sir not today
we've done it we unlocked cambian
conception thanks for watching hope you
guys enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button I was at a great
deal and of course subscribe you'll see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time